Fxa 5207 verification reminder second copy (#13926)
mozilla/fxa: packages/fxa-auth-server/lib/senders/emails/templates/verificationReminderSecond/index.txt

> verificationReminderSecond-title-2 = "Don't miss out on Firefox"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verificationReminderSecond-title-2 = "Don’t miss out on Firefox"
```

verificationReminderSecond-description-3 = "A few days ago you created a Firefox account, but never confirmed it. Please confirm your account in the next 10 days or it will be automatically deleted."

verificationReminderSecond-second-description = "Your Firefox account lets you sync your info across devices and unlocks access to more privacy-protecting products from Mozilla."

> verificationReminderSecond-sub-description = "Be part of our mission to transform the internet into a place that's open for everyone."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verificationReminderSecond-sub-description = "Be part of our mission to transform the internet into a place that’s open for everyone."
```

> verificationReminderSecond-sub-description = "Be part of our mission to transform the internet into a place that’s open for everyone."

Reviewer 2: `verificationReminderSecond-sub-description-2`

Author: thank you!!
